BigAnimal - Tags documentation (#5370)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/tagging/create_and_manage_tags.mdx

---
title: Creating and managing tags
---

BigAnimal supports tagging of the following resources:

- Project
- Cluster

## Create and assign a tag

> There are two ways to create a tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a tag using either of these methods:
```

- [Create a tag and assign it to a resource]() 
- [Create and assign a tag while creating a resource]()

### Create a tag and assign it to a resource

**To create a tag:**

1. Log in to the BigAnimal portal.

1. From the drop down menu under your name in the top right of the panel, select **Tags**.

1. From the Create Tag page, select **Create Tag**.

1. Provide the **Tag Name**.

1. Select the color for the tag.

1. View the tag in **Preview**.

1. Select the **Save** button.

The generated tag is available for the user.

**To assign a tag to a cluster:**

> 1. Go to clusters home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to cluster's home page.
```

1. In the clusters list, select the edit icon next to the cluster.

> 1. On the Edit Cluster page, go to **Cluster Settings** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the Edit Cluster page, go to the **Cluster Settings** tab.
```

1. 1. Under **Tags**, select **+**.

1. In the search bar, enter the name of the tag and select the tag.

1. To assign the tag, select **Save**.

To assign a tag to an existing project:

1. Go to the project's home page.

1. In the projects list, select the edit icon next to the project.

1. On the Edit Project page, under **Tags**, select **+**.

1. In the search bar, enter the tag name and select the tag.

> 1. To assign the tag, select **Save**.

Reviewer 2: silly question, why do we have:
 1.Go to..
 1. ...
 1. ... 
 ???

Author: According to the style guide, we give numbers to indicate whether the steps are a procedure. 
 
To have actual sequence numbers in deployed docs we write in markdown like:
1. Bullet 1
1. Bullet 2

Reviewer 2: but I see
![image](https://github.com/EnterpriseDB/docs/assets/18009508/7685fe85-1ffb-41b4-a3c4-5d19dab48acb)

Reviewer 2: the previous comment is rendering 1 . 2. even when I write 1. 1.  :shrug:

Author: yes, that's how it works in deployment too..
![Uploading Screenshot 2024-03-14 at 1.55.08 PM.png…]()

Reviewer: It's better practice to use this encoding in case you add steps later. You don't have to renumber. Markdown has very little in the way of semantic coding capabilities, but this is one feature I recommend as best practice.

### Create a tag while creating a resource

Create and assign a tag while [creating a project](../../administering_cluster/projects.mdx/#creating-a-project) and [creating a cluster](../../getting_started/creating_a_cluster/index.mdx/#cluster-settings-tab).

## Edit a tag

1. Log in to the BigAnimal portal.

1. From the menu under your name in the top right of the panel, select **Tags**.

> 1. On the Tags page, select the edit button next to the tag name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the Tags page, select the edit icon next to the tag name.
```

Reviewer: Is that correct that it's an icon?

Author: yes

1. Edit the tag name and color.

1. Select **Save**.

## Delete a tag

1. Log in to the BigAnimal portal.

1. From the menu under your name in the top right of the panel, select **Tags**.

> 1. On the Tags page, select the delete button next to the tag name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the Tags page, select the delete icon next to the tag name.
```

   You're prompted to type **delete tag** in the field.

> 1. To delete the tag, enter then text and select **Yes, Delete tag**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To delete the tag, enter the text as instructed, and select **Yes, Delete tag**.
```

Reviewer: Please check this. It looked like this step was missing.

---
title: Creating and managing tags
---

> BigAnimal supports tagging of the following resources:

Author: More resources will be added later on, hence the bulleted list.

- Project
- Cluster

## Create and assign a tag

There are two ways to create a tag:

- [Create a tag and assign it to a resource]() 
- [Create and assign a tag while creating a resource]()

### Create a tag and assign it to a resource

**To create a tag:**

1. Log in to the BigAnimal portal.

1. From the drop down menu under your name in the top right of the panel, select **Tags**.

1. From the Create Tag page, select **Create Tag**.

1. Provide the **Tag Name**.

1. Select the color for the tag.

1. View the tag in **Preview**.

1. Select the **Save** button.

The generated tag is available for the user.

**To assign a tag to a cluster:**

1. Go to clusters home page.

1. In the clusters list, select the edit icon next to the cluster.

1. On the **Edit Cluster** page, go to **Cluster Settings** tab.

> 1. Select **+** button under **Tags**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. 1. Under **Tags**, select **+**.
```
